Update `resolving-dependency-conflicts.md` (#8622)
MicrosoftDocs/PowerShell-Docs: reference/docs-conceptual/dev-cross-plat/resolving-dependency-conflicts.md

> Framework. It also show how to use .NET Standard and PowerShell Standard to simplify the core

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Framework. It also shows how to use .NET Standard and PowerShell Standard to simplify the core
```

- For an existing module, this would require significant refactoring

```
LoadFileModule/
  + LoadFileModule.Cmdlets.dll
  + LoadFileModule.psd1
  + Dependencies/
  |  + LoadFileModule.Engine.dll
  |  + CsvHelper.dll
```
There is a simplified solution to achieve side-by-side assembly loading, by
- Hooking up a `Resolving` event to a custom Assembly Load Context
- Or, hooking up a `Resolving` event to `Assembly.LoadFile()`

With this structure in place, **LoadFileModule** now supports being loaded alongside other modules
with a dependency on **CsvHelper**.

Because our handler applies to **all** `AssemblyResolve` events across the Application Domain,
we need to make some specific design choices here:

- To narrow the window in which our event may interfere with other loading, we only start handling
  general dependency loading after `LoadFileModule.Engine.dll` has been loaded.
- We push `LoadFileModule.Engine.dll` out into the Dependencies directory, so that it's loaded by a
  `LoadFile()` call rather than by PowerShell. This means its own dependency loads always raise an
  `AssemblyResolve` event, even if another `CsvHelper.dll` (for example) is loaded in PowerShell.

>   This gives us the opportunity to find the correct dependency.

Author: This is actually not true. Even if having `LoadFileModule.Engine.dll` loaded by `Assembly.LoadFile`, the loading requests for its dependencies will still first go through the default `AssemblyLoadContext` before hitting `AssemblyResolve` event, and thus if a higher version of the same assembly is already loaded in the default ALC, that assembly will be used to serve the request. See details in [the loading order doc](https://github.com/dotnet/docs/blob/main/docs/core/dependency-loading/loading-managed.md#algorithm).

So, it's really meaningless to have a wrapper assembly for this solution.

> It comes with two limitations comparing to the above solution but requires way less efforts from the module author.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It comes with two limitations comparing to the above solution but requires much more less effort from the module author.
```
